# ReEP Artifact

This repository contains the introduction of the ReEP Tool, Experimental Data, and Datasets.

## ReEP_tool

The ReEP_tool directory includes the source code and relevant documentation for the ReEP tool. It contains the following contents:

- **_README.md_** Documentation on how to install and use ReEP.
- **_Source Code_** The source code for the tool.
- **_examples_** contain smart contract files.

## Experimental_data

The experimental data mainly includes RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4 experimental data:

- **_RQ1_** includes the true positive and false positive contract data and related analysis data and charts of eight Origin Tools (Oyente, Mythril, Securify1, Securify2, Smartian, Sailfish, Slither, Ethor) combined with the ReEP tool. The Origin_tools_output directory includes detection reports generated by eight Origin Tools.

- **_RQ2_** includes the experimental results and analysis data of ReEP combined with 8 tools on the SmartBugs dataset.

- **_RQ3_** includes the experimental results and analysis data of ReEP combined with 2, 4, 6, and 8 tools.

- **_RQ4_** includes the results of the ablation experiments on the effectiveness of each stage of ReEP.

## Datasets

### DB1 Dataset

The DB1 dataset used in this study was provided by [Zheng et al](https://github.com/InPlusLab/ReentrancyStudy-Data). It consists of 230,548 verified contracts obtained from Etherscan. The dataset includes Reentrancy vulnerabilities detected by six state-of-the-art automated tools, which are the same as our Origin Tools. It contains 41 true positive (TP) contracts, and we also discovered seven additional contracts with Reentrancy vulnerabilities that were missed by manual checks. We informed the authors, and they confirmed that these seven contracts contain Reentrancy vulnerabilities and [updated their dataset](https://github.com/InPlusLab/ReentrancyStudy-Data/commit/2974f40254a65677205eec1699a23f7e2224ec4a).

### DB2 Dataset

The [SmartBugs](https://github.com/smartbugs/smartbugs-curated) Dataset is a widely used dataset containing 143 contracts. Among these contracts, 31 were identified as containing Reentrancy vulnerabilities.


